# Runestone Version 1.1.0 (2)	

- Redesigns the New File dialog to show the file extension of all languages support by Runestone. The new dialog can also be used to set the text encoding and line endings.
- Adds two new app icons: Blueprint and Rainbow.
- Adds “Constrain Width” setting under Lines setting. Enable the new setting to assign a maximum width to the editor.
- Adds state restoration. When Runestone is terminated by the system, it will attempt reopen any documents that were previously open. This enhancement is in particular noticeable when using Runestone on an iPad.
- Adds support for syntax highlighting R.
- Adds support for syntax highlighting LaTeX.
- Adds Zenburn theme.
- Adds Nord theme.
- Adds support for converting the line endings of a document.
- Adds setting to specify the default text encoding to use when creating new documents.
- Adds support for automatically detecting the line endings of a document and using those when adding new lines.
- Adds setting to specify the default line endings to use when creating new documents or when the line endings could not be detected.
- Supports opening more file types without showing the “Unsupported File Type” alert.
- Adds support for opening binary files as ASCII.
- Adds setting to show non-breaking spaces as invisible characters.
- Adds the asterisk, quote, and single quote symbols to the tools above the keyboard on iPhones.
- Adds settings to disable displaying the “What’s New” screen the first time the app is launched after a new update is installed.
- Simplifies the theme editor. The appearance of a theme is now selected globally for all interface elements that use the system color.
- The page guide column can now be adjusted by one unit at a time. Previously it would change in steps of five units.
- Improves the handling of character pairs. Character pairs will no longer be inserted when typed in the middle of a word, unless the caret is in front of a symbol, punctuation character, whitespace, or a line break.
- Persists and reads the selected text encoding from the com.apple.TextEncoding extended attribute, ensuring compatibility with TextEdit on the Mac.
- Always makes query text field become focused when presenting Find or Find and Replace. The text in the query text field is also selected upon presentation to make it faster to enter a new query.
- Search for the selected text using the CMD + E keyboard shortcut.
- Fixes an issue where embedded language would sometimes no be syntax highlighted correctly after editing the text.
- Fixes an issue where the list of custom themes would not be updated after duplicating a theme or creating a new theme.
- Fixes an issue where discarding changes to a theme in the theme editor and then reopening the editor would still show the a theme with the previous changes in the preview.
- Fixes an issue where tapping some lines, including empty lines, would cause the text view to scroll to an unexpected offset.
- Fixes an issue where the caret wasn’t visible when moving past the trailing edge of the screen, for example by navigating with the arrow keys.
- Fixes a crash that could happen when the keyboard was presented after dismissing the theme previewer.
- Fixes an issue where typing Korean characters would not work as expected.
- Fixes an issue where lines may be slightly longer than the maximum line width when line wrapping is enabled.
- Fixes an issue where the Quote Properties and Trailing Commas formatting settings were not persisted.
- Fixes layout issues on Premium screen when running on iPhone 13 Pro Max.
- Fixes an issue where the present on the Premium screen wasn’t unwrapped after purchasing Premium if the card describing the surprise was selected.# 